when i think of toast the bubble i have
above my head is exactly of this
well nearly exactly because i favor
uh the two-stage buttering approach
and so far only stage one has taken
place
and that's to say the minute this came
out of the toaster and still lovely and
hot
i spread it with butter so that the
butter has
melted down into it and it'll give it a
fabulous
crumpety bite stage two now ready for it
i need a little more butter
and it will stay in some golden patches
on the surface it's unsalted butter
which i always prefer to use but
what i need to do is
sprinkle some sea salt flakes over
[Music]
this is the platonic ideal
of toast